The Hoops (Huffy Spalding "Slam Jam" Red Replacement Basketball Rim,
model #7800s; Lifetime Basketball Net 120gram, model #0790; McMaster
#9573K68 used instead of stock spring) are used to receive Basketballs
that are scored by the Robots as they play Rebound Rumble.

Four Hoops are attached to the inside face of each Alliance Wall.  There
is one bottom Hoop, two middle Hoops, and one top Hoop.  The bottom and
top Hoops are centered on the Alliance wall while the middle Hoops are
centered 27-3/8 in. to either side of the center of the Alliance Wall.
When measured from the carpet to the top edge of a rim, the bottom,
middle, and top Hoops are 28 in., 61 in., and 98 in. high off the floor,
respectively.  The rim of a Hoop has an inner diameter of 18 in.  The
closest point on the inside edge of a rim is 6 in. away from the face of
a backboard.  The backboard on each Hoop is 44 by 31-1/2 in. and made of
smoked ½ in. thick polycarbonate.  Backboards are outlined in a 2
in. thick blue or red stripe.
 
A retro-reflective Vision Target (Reflexite GP020, 50mm; Pro Gaff Tape,
"black", 2 in.) is mounted behind each Hoop.  The Vision Target is a
rectangle with an outer width of 24 in., an outer height of 18 in., and
a stroke of 2 in.  The Vision Target is centered on the backboard with a
distance of 2 in. from the lowest edge of retro-reflective material to
the upper edge of the rim.  There is a 2 in. stroke strip of black
gaffers tape on both the inside and outside of the retro-reflective
rectangle.
 
A Fender is located directly below the Hoops at each end of the Court.
The Fender is designed to protect the Hoops from damage by Robots.  The
Fender is 38-3/4 in. deep by 101 in. wide and measures 8-1/4 in. tall at
the front, and 10-1/4 in. tall at the back against the Alliance Wall.
